# Target

I'm a mid-level engineer at a digital bank in Hong Kong. I wish to apply to a python quant dev role in Hong Kong in the coming 3 months. I noticed many JDs require data skills like pandas, numpy and scipy. Some rapid development roles requires some desktop app frameworks. Some require more on the devops side. Some require performance like multithreading/processing/asyncio. 

I mainly work on AWS infra and some python development in lambda functions and some shell scripting. I also researched advanced topics in python like asyncio, GIL, etc (I'm quite familiar with topics in https://matakov.com/python/), although this is not frequently used in my current job. I don't use pandas quite often but I think it's important to master it. I don't use k8s but have some docker knowledge. I know terraform quite well. I also know trading concepts like bond, stock, options (I trade ETFs and US stock options in my own accounts).

I plan to do a flagship project that I can put onto my CV. This project should demonstrate my deep understanding and mastery of the technical requirements by potential hirers, be innovative and useful to market participants, and cost-effective for me. I don't expect to pay for any resources, so it should be covered by the free plans of any services I need to use. I will host my code on GitHub, use Terraform Cloud for infra, and Cloudflare and AWS for cloud (always prefer Cloudflare unless something is not in the free plan or only available in AWS). Stock market data may not be free, in which case you can also consider to build for the crypto and its derivatives markets.

I plan to build the MVP on my own macbook before moving resources to cloud. `uv` should always be used for Python and `mise` used for versioning tools when there's no runtime-specific tool that has way more powerful, like `uv` for Python.
